Update Workers Server Push example to use Early Hints (#5504)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/examples/103-early-hints.md

---
type: example
summary: Allow a client to request static assets while waiting for the HTML response.
tags:
  - Middleware
  - Headers
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: 103 Early Hints
weight: 1001
layout: example
---

> To ensure Early Hints are enabled, go to the [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/:zone/speed/optimization) under Your Domain -> Speed -> Optimization and enable the Early Hints toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure Early Hints are enabled:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your account and website.
2. Go to **Speed** -> **Optimization**.
3. Enable the **Early Hints** toggle to on.
```

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> At the time of writing, 103 Early Hints are only supported in Chrome 103 or later. To view up-to-date info on which browsers support Early Hints, check [here](https://caniuse.com/mdn-http_status_103).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, 103 Early Hints are only supported in Chrome 103 or later. To view up-to-date information on which browsers support Early Hints, refer to [caniuse.com](https://caniuse.com/mdn-http_status_103).
```

---
type: example
summary: Allow a client to request static assets while waiting for the HTML response.
tags:
  - Middleware
  - Headers
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: 103 Early Hints
weight: 1001
layout: example
---
To ensure Early Hints are enabled:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your account and website.
2. Go to **Speed** -> **Optimization**.
3. Enable the **Early Hints** toggle to on.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> Currently, 103 Early Hints are only supported in Chrome 103 or later. To view up-to-date information on which browsers support Early Hints, refer to [caniuse.com](https://caniuse.com/mdn-http_status_103).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, `103 Early Hints` are only supported in Chrome 103 or later. To view up-to-date information on which browsers support Early Hints, refer to [caniuse.com](https://caniuse.com/mdn-http_status_103).
```
